After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:

https://cs313-ponders.herokuapp.com/

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/rasputtim/cs313-nodesj-ponders.git

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

Everytinhing is working.
In the initial page the users receive a form to fill with weight and choose the type of correspondence.
The server receive this information, calcs the price and sends back to the user another page where the results are shown.


4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.


5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

HOw to work with templates in ejs and modules in Node.js. I hve created a module and exported the functions that made the calculations.
This is nice because exporting functions, we can use then anywhere we want. 

6. In your own words, briefly describe the concept of a callback function and why it is useful.

As far as I understood, in Javascript, Any function that is passed as an argument is called a callback function. 
In Javascript they are useful because Javascript is a event Driven language. 
So we cannot create functions and hope they will be executed one after another.
With callbacks we can make sure certain code doesn't execute until other code has already finished its execution.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment: 5
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I used templates to make sure the headers and menus are the same in all pages.
And a good looking page with bootstrap.
